Pulumi: document how to install Telemetry backends (#742)
akka/akka-platform-guide: docs-source/docs/modules/deployment/pages/aws-install-quickstart.adoc

== Expected Time to Install

A new installation will take approximately _from 40 minutes_ to _1 hour_ depending on which components are installed.
By default, the following steps will be executed:

1. Create an Amazon EKS cluster
2. Install the Kubernetes Metrics Server
3. Install the Akka Cloud Platform Helm chart
4. Install the Grafana Helm chart
5. Install the Prometheus Helm Chart

> 6. Setup an Amazon Managed Streaming for Apache Kafka (MSK) cluster
> 7. Setup an Amazon Aurora Relational Database Service (RDS) cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Set up an Amazon Managed Streaming for Apache Kafka (MSK) cluster
7. Set up an Amazon Aurora Relational Database Service (RDS) cluster
```

* The Kubernetes command-line tool, `kubectl`, allows you to run commands against Kubernetes clusters. Follow the instructions in the https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/#kubectl[Kubernetes documentation {tab-icon}, window="tab"]  to install `kubectl`.

> NOTE: We recommend Node 14 or later.

Reviewer: Is this a recommendation or a requirement?

Author: It is a recommendation, I'm pretty sure it works with Node 10, for example. But this is the version I'm using while developing and testing (including in our CI).

| Yes
| `-`

| `akka.operator.namespace`
| The Kubernetes namespace to install the Akka Cloud Platform operator into.
| No
| `"lightbend"`

| `akka.operator.version`
| The version of the Akka Cloud Platform operator to install.
| No
| `"1.1.21"`

| `akka.operator.installTelemetryBackends`
| Whether to install Lightbend Telemetry backends (Prometheus and Grafana) for monitoring.
| No
| `true`

| `kubernetes.metrics-server.install`

> | Whether to install the Kubernetes metrics server.

Reviewer 2: We should probably explain a bit why metrics-server is needed.

Author: Now that you mentioned that, we should not have an option to disable installing `metrics-server` since it is a runtime requirement for `akka-platform-operator`.

See https://github.com/lightbend/akka-cloud-platform-deploy/pull/16.
